Add Descriptions: testing, tutorials & upgrading (#2833)
vaadin/docs: articles/upgrading/index.adoc

---
title: Upgrading Guide

> description: Changing an application to upgrade from Vaadin 23, to the latest version.

Reviewer: Is the comma appropriate/required here?

```suggestion
description: Changes needed to upgrade an application from Vaadin 23, to the latest version.
```
